Fix navigation when `base` path is set and validate that option's value (#1666)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/14-configuration.md

An object containing zero or more of the following `string` values:

- `assets` — an absolute path, or a path relative to `base`, where your app's files are served from. This is useful if your files are served from a storage bucket of some kind

> - `base` — a root-relative path that must starts, but doesn't end with `/` (e.g. `/base-path`). This specifies where your app is served from and allows the app to live on a non-root path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `base` — a root-relative path that must start, but not end with `/` (e.g. `/base-path`). This specifies where your app is served from and allows the app to live on a non-root path
```
